Update default connection heartbeat length (#47)
ponylang/http_server: .release-notes/47.md

> ## Make minimum default heartbeat 1000ms
> 
> Default heartbeat value calculation updated to reflect code comment:
> ```
> // use a quarter of the actual configured timeout but at minimum 1 second
> ```
> (was defaulting to 1ms before)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updated default connection heartbeat length

Previously, the default connection heartbeat was incorrectly set to 1ms. We've updated it to the value it was intended to be: 1000ms.

Sending a heartbeat every millisecond was excessive, and this change should improve performance slightly.
```
